New resource `azurerm_azure_ai_services` (#26008)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/azure_ai_services.html.markdown

Reviewer: Could you rename this file as well to reflect the resource name please?

Author: Done, file name has been renamed.

---
subcategory: "Cognitive Services"
layout: "azurerm"
page_title: "Azure Resource Manager: azurerm_azure_ai_services"
description: |-

>   Manages Azure AI Services.
> ---
> 
> # azurerm_azure_ai_services
> 
> Manages Azure AI Services.

Reviewer: The suggestions from the MS PM weren't applied correctly here
```suggestion
  Manages an AI Services Account.
---

# azurerm_azure_ai_services

Manages an AI Services account.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "example" {
  name     = "example-resources"
  location = "West Europe"
}

resource "azurerm_azure_ai_services" "example" {
  name                = "example-account"
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.example.location
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.example.name
  sku_name            = "S0"

  tags = {
    Acceptance = "Test"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the Azure AI Services. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

Reviewer: Please update all references in the doc to use `AI Services Account` instead of `Azure AI Services`
```suggestion
* `name` - (Required) Specifies the name of the AI Services Account. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

* `sku_name` - (Required) Specifies the SKU Name for this Azure AI Services. Possible values are `F0`, `F1`, `S0`, `S`, `S1`, `S2`, `S3`, `S4`, `S5`, `S6`, `P0`, `P1`, `P2`, `E0` and `DC0`.

-> **NOTE:** SKU `DC0` is the commitment tier for Azure AI Services containers running in disconnected environments. You must obtain approval from Microsoft by submitting the [request form](https://aka.ms/csdisconnectedcontainers) first, before you can use this SKU. More information on [Purchase a commitment plan to use containers in disconnected environments](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/containers/disconnected-containers?tabs=stt#purchase-a-commitment-plan-to-use-containers-in-disconnected-environments).

* `custom_subdomain_name` - (Optional) The subdomain name used for token-based authentication. This property is required when `network_acls` is specified. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `customer_managed_key` - (Optional) A `customer_managed_key` block as documented below.

* `fqdns` - (Optional) List of FQDNs allowed for the Azure AI Services.

* `identity` - (Optional) An `identity` block as defined below.

> * `local_authentication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether local authentication methods is enabled for the Azure AI Services. Defaults to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `local_authentication_enabled` - (Optional) Whether local authentication is enabled for the Azure AI Services. Defaults to `true`.
```

* `outbound_network_access_restricted` - (Optional) Whether outbound network access is restricted for the Azure AI Services. Defaults to `false`.

* `public_network_access` - (Optional) Whether public network access is allowed for the Azure AI Services. Possible values are `Enabled` and `Disabled`. Defaults to `Enabled`.

* `storage` - (Optional) A `storage` block as defined below.

* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

---

A `network_acls` block supports the following:

* `default_action` - (Required) The Default Action to use when no rules match from `ip_rules` / `virtual_network_rules`. Possible values are `Allow` and `Deny`.

* `ip_rules` - (Optional) One or more IP Addresses, or CIDR Blocks which should be able to access the Azure AI Services.

* `virtual_network_rules` - (Optional) A `virtual_network_rules` block as defined below.

---

A `virtual_network_rules` block supports the following:

* `subnet_id` - (Required) The ID of the subnet which should be able to access this Azure AI Services.

> * `ignore_missing_vnet_service_endpoint` - (Optional) Whether ignore missing vnet service endpoint or not. Default to `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ignore_missing_vnet_service_endpoint` - (Optional) Whether to ignore a missing Virtual Network Service Endpoint or not. Default to `false`.
```

---

A `customer_managed_key` block supports the following:

> * `key_vault_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Key Vault Key which should be used to Encrypt the data in this Azure AI Services. Exactly one of `key_vault_key_id`, `managed_hsm_key_id` must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `key_vault_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the Key Vault Key which should be used to encrypt the data in this Azure AI Services. Exactly one of `key_vault_key_id`, `managed_hsm_key_id` must be specified.
```

> * `managed_hsm_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the managed HSM Key which should be used to Encrypt the data in this Azure AI Services. Exactly one of `key_vault_key_id`, `managed_hsm_key_id` must be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `managed_hsm_key_id` - (Optional) The ID of the managed HSM Key which should be used to encrypt the data in this Azure AI Services. Exactly one of `key_vault_key_id`, `managed_hsm_key_id` must be specified
```

> * `identity_client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID of the User Assigned Identity that has access to the key. This property only needs to be specified when there're multiple identities attached to the Azure AI Service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_client_id` - (Optional) The Client ID of the User Assigned Identity that has access to the key. This property only needs to be specified when there are multiple identities attached to the Azure AI Service.
```

---

A `identity` block supports the following:

> * `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Azure AI Services. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned` (to enable both).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `type` - (Required) Specifies the type of Managed Service Identity that should be configured on this Azure AI Services. Possible values are `SystemAssigned`, `UserAssigned`, `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.
```

* `identity_ids` - (Optional) Specifies a list of User Assigned Managed Identity IDs to be assigned to this Azure AI Services.

~> **NOTE:** This is required when `type` is set to `UserAssigned` or `SystemAssigned, UserAssigned`.

---

A `storage` block supports the following:

> * `storage_account_id` - (Required) Full resource id of a Microsoft.Storage resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `storage_account_id` - (Required) The ID of the Storage Account.
```

> * `identity_client_id` - (Optional) The client ID of the managed identity associated with the storage resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `identity_client_id` - (Optional) The client ID of the Managed Identity associated with the Storage Account.
```
